README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

chore(README.md): extend file with ellaboration

README.md, after:

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

## Notes

- Since some time ago I've moved back to writing plain, pre-ES6 function declarations as I think that they simplify reading the code:

```
function doSomething(){
    return 'Im doing something'
}
```

Keep it simple, but this is an opinion of course. I'm well aware on how to write arrow functions and adhere to ES6. If the project would require this - that wouldn't be a problem.

- Yet, I think a lot of time and effort is wasted on trying to write code so to only stick to the given conventions of the programming language. To give an example: writing a simple `.forEach` loop with a `let array = [];` in stead of complicating the mind of a fellow developer with a `.reduce` function, where one needs to remind himself of the `acc`, `i` etc. I mean, everyone can go to MDN and remind themselves of the latter, yet why do so, if you can achieve the same result with a much easier to read syntax. But again, this is personal preference :). My mind is open for any approach.
